Revise Floodgate overview page (#25)
GeyserMC/GeyserWebsite: wiki/floodgate/index.md

---
title: Overview
permalink: /floodgate/
description: 'Floodgate is a hybrid mode plugin that allows Minecraft: Bedrock Accounts to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers without needing a Minecraft: Java Edition account.'
---

# Overview
Floodgate is a hybrid mode plugin that allows Minecraft: Bedrock Accounts to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers without needing a Minecraft: Java Edition account. 
This is something you install in addition to Geyser. Unlike Geyser, Floodgate can only be installed as a plugin on Spigot (including Paper and forks), Bungeecord, Velocity, and as a mod on Fabric servers, and can only be utilized on servers that have it installed.

> Now, the version of Floodgate is 2.0. Floodgate 2.0 is a rewrite of Floodgate 1.0, with various bugfixes and improvements. It also introduces new features: being able to [see Bedrock player skins on Java edition](/wiki/floodgate/features#what-is-skin-uploading),

Reviewer: You can drop the mention/comparison of floodgate entirely now, it's been out for a while now

---
title: Overview
permalink: /floodgate/
description: 'Floodgate is a hybrid mode plugin that allows Minecraft: Bedrock Accounts to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers without needing a Minecraft: Java Edition account.'
---

# Overview
Floodgate is a hybrid mode plugin. It introduces new features:

> - being able to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers with Minecraft: Bedrock Accounts without needing a Minecraft: Java Edition account. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to join Minecraft: Java Edition servers with Minecraft: Bedrock accounts without needing a paid Minecraft: Java Edition account. 
```

> - being able to [see Bedrock player skins on Java edition](/wiki/floodgate/features#what-is-skin-uploading).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to [see Bedrock player skins on Java edition](/wiki/floodgate/features#what-is-skin-uploading).
```

> - being able to [use Bedrock forms](/wiki/geyser/forms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugins being able to [send Bedrock forms](/wiki/geyser/forms/).
```

Reviewer 2: `Ability for plugins to` I think would fit better?

> - being able to [enable Global Api](/wiki/api/api.geysermc.org/global-api/)(including enabling [Global Linking](/wiki/floodgate/linking#what-is-global-linking) and other features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to query players through the [Global Api](/wiki/api/api.geysermc.org/global-api/), 
- Allowing Bedrock players to link to a Java account using [Global Linking](/wiki/floodgate/linking#what-is-global-linking), or Local Linking.
```
